# Flight-Simulator

I made a flight booking application written in Java EE 1.7 with a Front End that communicated with a RESTful Web Service in the Back End.  The technologies used in the Front End were Spring Beans, JSF and Prime Faces, JAXB, and xhtml pages with custom styling. The user could create and account, and his/her information was persisted in a MySQL Database. The user could also search for flights with a desired origin and destination.  There was another web service that generated a flight model every day (days last 30 seconds in the application). This  flight generating web service was the only thing provided to me at the start of the project. When the user searched, the current flight model was retrieved from the flight generating web service. There was an algorithm that found all possible routes in the current flight model from that origin to that destination. The user could then buy tickets for the route they wanted. Those tickets would be persisted in the database in there account. When they logged back in, they could see all the trips they had booked. If one of their flights was delayed or cancelled, they would receive a notification when they logged in and would be offered a new route to their destination that would be created based on the updated flight model. In the Back End, the Implementations of the Data Access Objects used Hibernate for Object Relational Mapping and JMS was used to convey messages about delays/cancellations. The project was developed in Eclipse and Maven was used for dependency management. SLF4J was used for logging.  The front end, back end, and flight generating service were all deployed as separate WAR files on a Wildfly server.
